this is the voice of bombs turf receipts
bringing you battle grind predictions
for a jelly versus Brie Bella for the
WWE Divas Championship this match was
announced after brie defeated a jelly on
September 23rd role in a 10-person tag
match
AJ has been champion for over 100 days
bree is a former WWE Divas Champion this
is the first time these two your fists
at a major event in a one-on-one match
match begins grapple whip to rope
counter into neck breaker goes for the
cover kicks I whip to corner punch boom
running knee
goes for the cover Kixeye arm drag slam
leg drop goes for the cover kicks i drop
kick goes for submission
gets out of it Dropkick goes up top
punch contr cross body splash goes for
the cover kick site running elbow kick
cake
whip to corner
Conger
head signature move sets up for finisher
country's finisher contr
submission finisher AJ Lee wins the
reason why AJ will win is because brie
has never defeated AJ out of one-on-one
match at a major event so AJ Lee for the
win if you enjoyed this video don't
forget to comment like and subscribe
thanks for watching